so you enjoyed your time in Los Angeles
between 10 and 14 I loved
it there's been a lot of rumors about
child actors in Hollywood recently what
do you make of all that a lot it's all
true so what ha what did you escape
unscathed I did I I would I I saw a lot
of it what did you
see um for example I worked on a
children's TV show on a major
Network and one of the writers after we
wrapped on the show after the show was
canceled had incredibly inappropriate
relationships with young women like me
who were on the show young women in my
how young 14 okay and to my
knowledge this was not
sexual um but it was objectively
grooming it was inappropriate
relationships between an adult and
minors because Hollywood goes ahead and
it BL L the lines between what is
appropriate between adults and children
because you're working with adults
constantly my entire life I spent my
entire childhood I spent more time with
adults than I did with children my
management team they were all adults
obviously agents managers directors
casting directors producers wardrobes
assistants who surrounded by adults
constantly writers in this case and
those lines get really blurred so if a a
writer on a TV show that you worked on
invites you and one of your co-stars out
to lunch to talk about another TV show
that working on your parents go oh okay
yeah well you've worked with him for two
years at this point let's take you to
lunch MH and then you're sitting here
with this girl who's a year older than
you and he starts talking about the
lesbian fantasies that he has about you
and your
friend like that's nothing nothing
happened but that's the fact that he
thought that that was appropriate the
fact that he well that's a testing
Behavior yeah and then the fact that
later we're walking around the
restaurant and he puts his hand in my
friend's back pocket who's 15 years old
and I was just you know I'd get me out
of here completely in appropriate
she how many of the young people in
Hollywood are sold into that so to speak
by their parents now you you
characterized your mother as someone who
was loath to take you yeah on the
Hollywood Adventure but there's no
shortage of
parents is it more common among
mothers probably the cluster B type
mothers who use their children to their
own Advantage come hell or high water
yeah uh JZ Jennings for example
speakings to mind right in the most
brutal and horrible possible manner
right but there's a you can see a lot of
this on social media yeah you know
parents pimping out their children
transforming them as well you know and
then proclaiming their moral virtue in
consequence of the transformation you
know my child is very very deviant but
I'm such a wonderful person yeah that I
still love them deeply right right
butor pushed them in that direction in
the first place and then you might say
so yeah and I think another example did
you read I'm glad my mom died by Janette
mccartie no I haven't read it fantastic
and that I mean that I think
is the most incredible example of what a
lot of Janette MCC she's carette you
haven't talked to her on your podcast no
I have not um
I believe she talked to Michaela michaa
okay okay um it it was just an
incredible book I remember sitting I
read it last year when it came out and I
was just I mean full just tears reading
it because these are the stories of the
people that I grew up with they're the
things that I saw but was protected
against my mom was very wary about me
being involved in this industry and she
was a sharp she set firm boundaries she
was always watching she was always
within ey shot had aian oh yes right um
and the other thing that I think was
incredibly important that she did was
again like I said I had so many other
things going on in my life so my
identity was not wrapped up in this
industry I never connected it to money
at all because my money was put in
savings accounts my parents never
touched it my mom never touched it the
state takes 15% of whatever a young
actor makes and puts it into your cougan
account so if you are in a situation
where your parents are exploiting you at
least by 18 you have some money um never
touched any of that and never wanted me
to connect con Hollywood and making
money cuz I would see she saw people in
my circle these kids they would you know
do an episode on the TV show and then
their parents would go out and buy yeah
six American Girl dolls and they would
buy a fancy new car for the family and
you know the the parents would take a
huge vacation that the kid at 8 years
old paid for right and my mom always
wanted to ensure that I stuck in this
industry because I loved it because I
couldn't live without it because I loved
telling stories and at least once a
month she would say are you sure you
want to do this CU if you ever want to
stop we'll stop I don't care how much
money we've invested in your acting
classes and your dance classes if you
want to stop if you want to go home
you'll pack up and move to tenness what
made her so
sensible she's just a brilliant woman
she's incredible
she she's one of the most resilient
people I've ever met she has been to
Helen back a million times her first
husband passed away her child then
passed away um my older brother in light
of my brother's passing uh has severe
mental illness he's permanently in a
psychiatric facility for schiz
um very very hard marriage with my
father very very hard upbringing where
she was often the black sheep she is
very comfortable being
non-traditional and doing things that
would be considered unconventional in
whatever circumstance she's in how how
did you end up with Traditional Values
then because she's very traditional but
I I realized that as I said that I
contct myself she is willing to
be unconventional in the given
circumstances so in Hollywood we so
she's daring she's daring and the
majority of people that we were
surrounded by where parents were pushing
their kids into this she was willing to
be the one that says no my kid is not
doing that my kid isn't doing this kind
of project my kid is not going out for
this project that is run by right a
producer that we know has you know a bad
track record she's incredibly involved
right well so fundamentally I mean the
case you're laying out it's always
useful to look at situational
determinants of of unfortunate outcomes
let's say and you know the first thing
you said
was well there are kids working with
adults and so the lines are blurred and
okay so that sets the stage and then you
can imagine that within those
relationships there's no shortage of
people always whose ability to obtain
intimacy like in a relationship or
sexually is like stunningly
compromised right and so so those people
at minimum are going to like just as a
consequence of their inability are going
to be looking for opportunity and maybe
not even that good at distinguishing an
appropriate from an inappropriate
opportunity and then there's the ones
that are really bent because they're
resentful and because they're isolated
they're actually looking for innocence
to subvert and destroy those are the
more people who tilt more and the
explicitly Nar narcissistic and sadistic
Direction and your circumstance was such
that you had a mother who was watching
out for you and so that instead of a
mother who was complicit and exploiting
you who turned to Blind yeah now you
said you had a gr SP when you were how
old nine yeah so what how physically
mature were you by the time you were
14 um relatively I always looked older
for my age one so I that's another thing
that blurs the lines
right and if you're around adults and
you learn to act like an adult you're
going to also present yourself you know
in a more mature manner yeah and if you
physically look like one I mean I yeah
yeah well that's yeah it makes it very
very
complicated however it also it just
shouldn't what did you what did you do
do you think that
so often girls m bully victims in
general
girls who
are subject to
exploitation are not very good at subtle
signaling they don't know how to say no
they don't know when to say no they
don't know how to
broadcast no yeah like right from the
initial interactions right
so how do you think you conducted
yourself so that cuz cuz I know you said
your mother was protecting you but did
you conduct yourself so
that nothing got going yeah okay how
I would say just intrinsically I'm very
self-aware and have been for a long time
and I think that that
is because I had to grow up very quickly
in terms of my family I was just very
aware of everything that was going on
you also said you didn't want to cause
trouble yeah um unnecessary trouble yes
unnecessary trouble but I don't think
that means that I was not willing to
stand up for myself because in
situations that were this severe in
terms of my safety my innocence um
anyway I I think that I was very
self-aware and then it goes back to my
mother again when we moved out to Los
Angeles she knew everything all the
rumors about Hollywood the casting couch
she put me in women's self-defense
against sexual assault classes when I
was 10 and I did those classes until I
useful the most incredible thing I've
ever done hands down I was put in
situations I started out doing group
classes and you learn how to fight
against a male opponent that is bigger
than you because you can do Jiu-Jitsu
you can do karate I think that those
disciplines are incredible they often do
not translate to real world fighting for
women specifically of course women we
hold our strength in different parts of
our bodies um when you are dealing with
an assault their you know situational
awareness is so important your voice is
so important just being able to scream
no yeah
um it was it was incredible and so I
mean I was put in situations in these
classes where you know a man comes up
behind you my instructor comes up behind
you holding a knife to your throat
knowing how to get out of that holding a
gun to your head you were on the at
least you at least were run through
situation I was run through but I think
this situation you described in the
restaurant where this writer I think you
said was writer slipped his hand into
the back pocket of this of your friend
you said she was a little older than you
yeah she was 16 why didn't he do the
same thing to you he tried to and I
moved away and I said that's weird don't
do that okay did she do that no okay so
so that that's the perfect example yeah
well that's exact that's exactly my
point those are the micro NOS that stop
things from proceeding yes right yeah
and
so and I credit a lot of that to these
classes that I did because as you said
and as you brought up again I was
unwilling to rock the boat I was a
doormat in my family and still that's
something that I'm still working through
as an adult now I'm being very very
nervous about that in my immediate
family just because of the way that I RA
are you agreeable person do you like to
please people I do uhuh right right
right well you can also see the
complexity because if you're an
Entertainer and you're on the stage
you're obligated as part of your role to
be magnetically attractive charismatic
and all of that and to capitalize on
that and so Drawing the
Line
um Marilyn monr she said she could walk
down the street as Norma Ray normae
Norma genene Norma genene or as Marilyn
right and if she walked down the street
as Norma genene no one paid any
attention to her but if she walked down
the street as Marilyn Monroe then she
was magnetically attractive right and so
those are
obviously well she was a master of that
seductor role she's still iconic because
of that and it's like 70 years later
that's really quite something and it
certainly destroyed her yeah right
because that was too much well if you're
an actor an actress then you have this
conundrum because you're rewarded for
your attractiveness you're capitalizing
on your attractiveness you're among
adults but you have to hem that in
so that you're not exploited yeah right
well when exactly are you being
exploited and when exactly are you
exploiting yourself it's not like that's
obvious so it's a very good thing that
you had your your mother along with you
yeah the courses too that's interesting
because you were at least placed in
frightening situations and you were at
least alerted to the fact that those
sorts of things existed how do you think
what you learned in the course is
translated into changes in your
day-to-day Behavior
[Music]